[MC-539][MC-631] Update New Issue trigger and add new trigger in Jira plugin (#980)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: plugins/jira/help.md

# Version History

> * 6.1.0 - Add Updated Issue trigger | Update New Issue trigger to only trigger in case of recently created tickets | Change `required` property to false for `project` input in New Issue trigger | Fix issue in New Issue trigger to include all results that match JQL | Fix issue in New Issue trigger with retrieving attachments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 6.1.0 - Add Monitor Issues trigger | Update New Issue trigger to only trigger in case of recently created tickets | Change `required` property to false for `project` input in New Issue trigger | Fix issue in New Issue trigger to include all results that match JQL | Fix issue in New Issue trigger with retrieving attachments
```
